Hey,
guys,
welcome back.
So in this video,
we're going to see how we can call one procedure from another.
So how to run a macro from another macro?
And we're going to see the scope of the variables and how their value actually becomes
empty once you exit the procedure that they have been declared in.
And on the next lecture,
we're going to see how to declare public variables.
So actually have good a procedure here called calling procedure.
And within that Colin procedure,
we're gonna call another procedure that I've called cold procedure that is actually below
here.
So the procedure below will be called by the procedure at the top.
So if I go through the procedure at the top for go through the macro the top by pressing F
eight on my keyboard,
So I'm going to step into the macro going into it,
step by step.
And as you can see her,
I'm now on the line that says cold,
cold procedures.
Some.
When I execute that line,
we're going to go to a court procedure.
So this is actually how you can call a procedure from another procedure just right.
Cool.
And the name of the procedure that you want to call.
And as I'm stepping through,
I'm actually here on the step that will set the value of a variable Cold War two in the
court procedure to 125.1.
I'm actually going to set up a watch window here,
so I'm going to right click,
click on add watch,
and then I'm gonna create a watch window for VAR to on a watch window.
Basically enables you to keep an eye on the value of your variable.
As you're stepping through your procedure and the complex Alva is gonna be in cold
procedure because this variable is limited,
the scope of it is limited to only this procedure.
So I'm gonna press OK here and now when I execute this step,
you'll see her.
This value is currently 125.1,
so this watch window here enables me to keep an eye on the value off my variable as I'm
stepping through the procedure Now,
when I execute this step,
they schooled end sub.
You can see here that the value is now out of context and actually my variable has become
empty.
So if I right in my immediate window here a question mark and then var to tow us for the
value of our two.
I'm not going to get a values get a nem t value because the value of the variable has been
cleared once the procedure has won,
it scores.
So,
as you can see here on the court procedure after finish it,
the value of this variable var to is going to be cleared from system memory and snowing and
contain any value.
So this is something that you need to bury.
Mind that when you declare a variable inside a procedure,
once your procedure finishes running,
the value of the variable is going to be cleared from system.
Memory is not gonna have any value.
And if I just execute the end sub here just to finish everything,
so that's it.
So you need to bear that in mind When you declare variable inside and micro and the macro
has run its course,
the value of the variable is gonna be cleared from system memory.
So how do we create some sort of a public variable on something that can retain its value
throughout the module or it throughout the workbook.
We're going to see that on the next video.
So thanks,
guys watching I'll see on the next one.